In this lecture
our parameterized test by
updating the test methods since we already
have a test method we are not going to  create it we are going to
update it to use the parameterized values
and then finally we mark our test class with the
@parameterized class so that junit will use
this class to run our test and not the
default junit runner.
Lets go back to eclipse
and in our test method its very simple
instead of this 10
and 20
the hardcoded values here we are going to use num 1
and num 2
and in place of 30 we are going to simply say
this result or we can better
rename this result to expected
result
and use it everywhere
update the constructor to use it
and then instead of this
30 exchanges this to expected result.
The last and final step is to mark this class
with the
@run with annotation and give it
the runner which is
parmeters or
parameterized.class so this is another runner
from the junit API which you should use  when you are
writing parameterized test when we run this test now
junit instead of
using the default runner it will use the parameterized runner
so lets run it , go to the play button run as
junit test
everything is green as you can see we have one single test
method but if you see its being run
3 times
with different data sets and its green
for all the three cases.
Now let me change the data  sets for one of these
let say 1 and 2 1+2 when they are added
lets expect a result which is 5
instead of 3
and lets rerun our test
as you can see two of the
data sets go green whereas
one of the datasets
has failed and if you click on it
you can see that expected result is 5
but was 3  so thats the beauty of
parameterized tests, ill explain the flow
the next lecture, lets fix this test
lets make it all green 1+2 should return 3
rerun the test and its all green.